it is 13 GMT that's 3 p.m. in Gaza just
under an hour ago as we were speaking to
our correspondent in Gaza an Israeli
airay targeted positions right behind
him striking residential buildings near
the Kuwait Hospital in the southern city
of Rafa four people were killed and
dozens injured in the strike let's
replay the
moment the remaining population the area
gets to be displaced and and this is the
uh the Tred of every air strike causing
more problem and forcing more
Palestinian to displacement which can of
course Mount the pressure uh on on on
healthc Care Facility as well as
evacuation Zone as we're we're getting
into yes sir oh my god did you hear
that oh my
God that's the hospital that's the
hospital that's the
hospital oh my
God are you guys hearing
this are you guys hearing this all the
debris oh my God no no no no this is
really bad this is bad ah
are you guys seeing
this this is right behind the hospital
right
[Music]
now oh my
God
okay let me see let me see okay are you
guys
seeing yes say see this is a huge huge
Dark Cloud of smoke this is what we were
expecting for five days this drone did
not leave the sky of this area flying at
a low level and I think what it was
marking a target of more residential
homes people now are rushing to the site
just to see if if there are
people I guess we're we're looking at a
a tragedy right
now it's causing a chaos you see people
are running away from from the side of
of the explosion those were multiple
massive air strikes right at the
vicinity of the Kuwaiti Hospital you see
people are
panicking they can't even
walk this is really get get this is
really
bad this is I you see people are rushing
now down the road this is this is
multiple multiple multiple residential
homes and we we're hearing there were
people inside those homes that were
targeted there are home these were homes
full of evacuees and displaced
Palestinians at this particular location
more than three residential homes
completely
destroyed you see this is this is
exactly what we've been talking about
there is no safe place in Gaza at all no
safe place in
Gaza no place more safe than the other
even the vicinity of this hospital this
a Smalls siiz
Hospital become became a target of those
Relentless air strikes that's exactly
what we describe every word describing
these air strikes being relentless
aggressive and
[Music]
brutal
hany Mahmud reporting to us there just
an hour ago we're going to go back to
Han who is live for us now in southern
Gaza and Hanny it was a pretty
frightening scene just over an hour ago
uh to all of us watching this here in in
the safety of of The Newsroom in Doha
and I can only imagine uh what it was
like for you and your team and everybody
there just uh bring us up to date on on
what's been happening since the last
time we
spoke
[Music]
yes H him just SL 50 minutes separates
the first attack and the the second one
just within the past five minutes
another massive air strikes but at this
time at this time right at the
borderline that's further uh southern
western side of RA City close to the
Egyptian border which is not far from
here we're talking about a 20 minutes to
drive it from the location of the
hospital but another major Relentless
Mass bombardment with more than
five five air strikes at one time
happened uh right at the the the side
the the West the the southern western
side of raah city and only 50 minutes
separates uh sep separates the first
attack uh from the uh from the second uh
one but the first attack as the
everybody was watching live a we're
talking about a mosque and a two
residential buildings were completely
destroyed with large number of people
brought to the hospital in with the
critical injuries we're talking about a
little over 25 people with the critical
injuries brought to the hospital and
within just the past few minutes
ambulances uh paramedics started
transferring them to other uh medical
centers and hospitals in rafah to a Nar
hospital and to Gaza European hospital
as they are midsize and larger size
hospitals well equipped and better for
medical uh medical intervention to save
uh those who are are who can survive
those Relentless air strikes but so far
we're talking about four bodies were
were taken from the hospital in a quick
funeral procession to a nearby burial
SES the Drone is still hovering at a low
level over the this the sky of this area
and keep circling it as it did within
the past hour and within the past a few
days constantly uh doing this which
indicates there might be more more
bombings going to happen as we've seen
within the past
hour and hannie um as we we've been
saying uh where you are in southern Gaza
is is already a very densely populated
area of the because of so many
Palestinians who've been displaced from
their homes and forced to move uh South
so there it just remind us again as you
said there in your report a little bit
earlier there really is no uh safe place
uh in anywhere in Gaza right now
certainly not Southern Gaza by the looks
of
it yes well not only there is no safety
place but there is no we place to go
right now now this is the last Point uh
people have evacuated to after this
we're talking about a whole new story
going to happen people have no other
choice if they are kept uh pushed into
this area and squeeze under heavy
bombardment people will we we don't have
any other choice but to cross over uh to
the Egyptian side which seems to be the
Israeli strategy and tactic to keep
pushing and squeezing displ Palestinian
at this particular area and it's also
very consistent with what people have
expressed all the past weeks the
frustration and the anger that they had
at the Israeli narrative that is that
had been largely a very vague
contradictory and confusing when it when
it came when it comes down to a
designated safe area because what we
just seen in the past hour has proven
unequivocally that there is no safe
place and the whole narrative about
about evacuation zones and and areas
that people could move to to avoid
getting bombed in the central part or
the northern part of Gaza is largely
false and has been proven inaccurate as
people particularly displaced
Palestinians in the southern part have
been largely the victims of those
unpredictable Fallen bombs on their
homes not only killing them but
destroying the the very shelters that
they took as a refuge targeting every
means of life in here gradually ra turn
into a large refugee camp but more more
profound is becoming a death zone right
now as people who are displaced and
hungry and thirsty and traumatized are
getting bombed and torn into pieces one
person just described the scene near the
the side of the two residential homes
and the mark that were targeted at ear
earlier at this hour he removed the
flesh from a wall across the moth that
was the MOs that was destroyed somebody
ran over the rooftop of another
residential home picked up body parts
that were thrown into the rooftop this
is the
intensity the brutality of those air
strikes and largely we're talking about
the most of the the majority of the
injuries who came to the hospital are
all women and children it just watching
those Fallen BMS and hearing the the
frightening sound of it is so scary just
imagine what it does what it does to
small bodies of the children and and
weak body of of women
here yep unimaginable scenes there
appreciate all of your uh reporting uh
and your team still bringing more more
injuries
[Music]
Hy uh we're going to stay with this a
little bit because looks like there's
more activity right now more
ambulances uh going in uh to that scene
where where those explosions occurred
just over an hour ago just talk us
through some of some of what we're
seeing
there
more ambulances and paramedics are
bringing back injuries from the side of
the the target of at earlier at the the
the past hour at the vicinity of the
Kuwaiti hospital we uh talking about a
mosque and two residential homes were
targeted completely destroyed with five
massive bombs but just within the past
10 minutes another massive multiple air
strikes took place at the southern
western side of rafah City that's very
close to the Egyptian borders and those
ambulance are bringing more injuries
from that side uh of the targets we're
trying to get more uh uh updates on the
number of people who were injured in
that a in that massive air strikes and
the number of people who who have been
killed and there we we soon enough we're
going to be getting into inside the
hospital and get more updates and
numbers of the people people who have
arrived to the hospital either in
ambulance or as we seen earlier they're
brought pieces and in
blankets hany we're going to leave it
there for now thank
you hany RAF hany Mahmud reporting to us
there from Raa